hello youtube friends here I bring you
another tutorial these are the mañanitas in
the tone of the underworld in the style of
tigers north the song well
team up
ah
because the tutorial in this way
what yes and then network the do held and
they are going to end here in sustained sun and
yes
here
and even king king
Y
good
they are thrown all over the scale
Y
and
to prison from king
i
Y
full house
an easy simple song and it's there
to be taken out if they take it seriously and
put here in response to this video on
youtube put the answer I want to see
how it comes out and if not then the other one
to subscribe
I will be useful
subscribe
in the video